Hey and welcome again to the tutorial of master engage and get her in this video where we learn about
an important come engage her which is Dutch what she sturgeon and what a win.
What does it do.
So for example if I'm walking on down to Cambridge or immediately for example and the software engineer
lead or for example a client won't just see want to see something or what.
Just want to have a watch.
For example to read imagery I just see it.
Let's see.
Let's just say that I work in a company and I'm a developer and software program and only want wants
me to give him this fine raise me tree and I'm not.
And I'm still working on it.
For example let's say that it's just Cary think of something
creation of something.
Yeah.
So now if you want to come in third for example and just say get stages you will see that it tells us
that.
Jeremy Jay has been updated.
But what if I want I want to give him a I want to give him loads away Dimitri but with all the verse
and not with just a word just update.
And here comes the role of.
Just come on get stuff so let's try it get those hit enter and tell us is it's safe to work diligently
and we see that the last thing that we does it it's disappeared.
So now if we do indicate status it tells us does everything is work clean and fine.
So now everything work clean.
I wouldn't give it.
Despite the region which lead to the to the software engineer.
But now you want to I want to continue on my work so I need to uh.
So I will need to continue what they was doing here and the code.
So first let's see if we have some uh some stars in the OR UM to do that we will use.
Comments get stars.
No shadows.
The least we get to lists.
Uh yeah.
We don't uh.
We don't.
And it tells us that there is a star.
So it's committed of joining us.
So now if we want to uh jury see what each was an update which is uh we were right.
Come on get us both.
We committed.
And as we see the thing that we we didn't commit to combat or the things that we stars or paused to
give it so that we can give it fine to the to the other program or to the lead.
It's now but again so now we can continue working.
But it tells us that it um originally for Chile has been modified so we will know we will.
Committed committed.
Um.
It hit me.
Gosh.
Um.
Let's say I meet up to stash.
Hit enter.
Now check if everything or go fine with it.
Just Hey Ginger.
Yeah.
Everything worked fine.
So it's all for this video.
You saw.